**PRIVACY POLICY**

**Last up dated: Feb 2025**

Effective: 04 September 2023

References in this Policy to "nil", "we", "our" or "us", are to nil, a
Cayman Islands limited liability company and references to "you",
"your", "customer" or "user" are to the person who is a user of our
applications, programs and/or platforms whether externally provided or
owned by us and user of our related services (the \"Service\").

This Privacy Policy explains how your personal data is collected and
processed by us when you use the Service

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at:
legal@nil.foundation

We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we
will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and,
depending on the specific changes, we will provide you with additional
notice or require a renewed consent.

By accessing or registering for Service, downloading mobile or desktop
device-based applications or other means of platform from us you signify
acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Where we require your
consent to process your personal information, we will ask for your
consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal
information as described further below.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY PLEASE LEAVE THE APP OR PLATFORM,
UNINSTALL OUR APPLICATIONS NOR PROCEED WITH REGISTRATION FOR OUR SERVICE
AND CEASE USING RELATED SERVICES IMMEDIATELY.

**1. Our Status**

a\. We will act as a data controller in relation to personal information
about you that may be either provided by you or collected by us.

b\. As a data controller, we will solely determine the purposes and
means of the processing of your personal information.

**2. How We Use Your Personal Information**

a\. In this Section 1 we have set out:

i\. the general categories of personal information that we may process;

ii\. the purposes for which we may process personal information; and

iii\. the legal basis of the processing.

b\. Please note that not all the information you provide to us is
personally identifiable information according to the applicable law. By
registering at the App you will provide and share your personal
information with the public and with other users. Information you
provided to the public sections of the App or of your profile can be
seen by anyone. This personal information is made available to the
public to help you connect other users and/or use the App and our
services. Please be advised that public personal information can be
shown up when someone does a search on the App or another search engine.
**Please be aware that people you share your personal information or
communicate** **with may download or copy the information you provided
to them or make it public**. Use caution about the personal information
you share with others.

c\. It is your sole decision whether to provide us with the requested
information or not. However, if you choose to withhold requested
information, we may not be able to create an Account for you at the App
or provide you with the possibility to use related services. Depending
upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is
identified as mandatory and some as optional. Please do not supply any
other person's personal information to us, unless we prompt you to do so

d\. **Usage Data.** We may process information about your use of the App
("usage data"). The usage data may include:

i\. your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version,
operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and
navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and
pattern of your use;

ii\. your device number, device id or unique identifier, device type,
and unique device token, operating system and applications used,
application crash-data, application version, device identifiers such as
IDFA (Identifier For Advertisers), Android ID (Android device), referrer
URL (Playstore), Google Advertiser ID, device model;

iii\. cookies, local storage files.

The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system and your
usage of the App. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of
analysing the use of the App and to keep you signed in at the App. The
legal basis for this processing is your consent and our legitimate
interest, namely monitoring and improving the App and our services.

e\. **Account data.** We may process your account data ("account data").
The account data may include your name, nickname (or username), phone
number, email address, profile photo, social media identifiers, profile
information.

The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed
for the purposes of providing you access to our services, ensuring the
security of the App, our services and communicating with you. The legal
basis for this processing is a performance of an agreement between you
and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such an
agreement.

f\. **Customer relationship data.** We may process information contained
in or relating to any communication that you send to us, or relating to
our customer relationships with you ("customer relationship data"). The
customer relationship data may include your name, your nickname (or
username), your contact details (phone number, social media identifier,
email address or messengers identifiers you use to communicate with us)
and information contained in communications between us and you.

The source of the customer relationship data is you. The customer
relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our
relationships with customers, communicating with customers, customer
support, quality assurance of our customer support and communication
with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting
our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this
processing is a performance of an agreement between you and us and/or
taking steps, at your request, to enter into such an agreement and our
legitimate interest, namely the proper management of our customer
relationships and administration of the App.

g\. **Verification data.** We may process information when we verify
your identity ("verification data"). The verification data may include
your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth,
national identification number, government identification documents,
and, if applicable, information regarding your bank account (such as the
name of the bank, SWIFT or the bank code, and account number) and other
payment/ electronic money /crypto institution account or wallets. Also,
this verification data may include your driving license or any other
national ID, internal or international passport, bank statement, utility
bill, tax document and/or other documents that we consider necessary for
your identification. We may request from you video identification or
your selfie with a specified ID or passport.

The source of this data is you. This verification data may be processed
for the purposes of identity verification and the detection of money
laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or any other financial crime,
and/or performance our obligations to verify the identity of our
customers. The legal basis for this processing is the compliance with
our legal obligation, the protection and assertion of our legal rights,
your legal rights and the legal rights of others, the performance of a
contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to
enter into such a contract.

h\. **Sensitive Data.** We do not require you to provide us with
personal information revealing your racial or ethnic origin, political
opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or
sexual orientation ("sensitive data"). If you decide to provide us, the
App users or any third party with and/or allow your sensitive data to be
publicly viewed through your profile, it should be your voluntary
decision taken solely by you. We additionally inform you that
information that is public can be seen by anyone and people you share
and communicate with may download or copy the content or information you
provided to them or make it public. Use caution about the personal
information you share with others.

i\. **Other sources of information.** If you log into the App using a
third party site or platform such as Facebook, Apple and Google, we
access information about you from that site or platform, in accordance
with the authorization procedures determined by such a third party site
or platform provided that you have given the third party site in
question such consent.

You can learn more about how such third-party sites or platforms process
your personal data in the relevant privacy policy:

• Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/

• Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US

• Apple: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/

If you log into the App using a third party site or platform, you
represent and warrant that (i) your access and use of such features in
connection with the App will comply with the applicable terms and
policies of such site or platform; and

\(ii\) that you are over the minimum age limit that is prescribed for
such third party site or platform by the legislation in the individual
jurisdictions.

j\. **Analytical information.** We may process information when you
connect your YouTube channel or Facebook page (\"analytical
information\"). The verification data may include your Google account
information, Facebook account information, YouTube account information,
views and subscribers data of your YouTube channel, the amount of income
from your YouTube channel, the amount of income from your Facebook page,
and other analytical YouTube and Facebook information.

The source of the analytical relationship data is you and such
platforms. The analytical data may be processed for the purposes of
managing our relationships with you and providing our services. The
legal basis for this processing is a performance of an agreement between
you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such an
agreement and our legitimate interest, namely the proper management of
our relationships and administration of the App.

k\. We may process any of your personal information identified in this
Policy where necessary for the purposes of managing risks or obtaining
professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our
legitimate interest, namely the proper protection of our business
against risks.

l\. We may process any of your personal information identified in this
Policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of
legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or
out-of-court procedure, or for detecting, preventing and addressing
fraud and other illegal activity. The legal basis for this processing is
our legitimate interest, namely the protection and assertion of our
legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.

m\. In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your
personal information, we may also process any of your personal
information where such processing is necessary for compliance with a
legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your
vital interests or the vital interests of another individual.

**3. How We Use Your Personal Information for Marketing**

a\. We may process your personal information identified in this Policy
to keep you informed about our new products, product upgrades, special
offers, webinars, events and promotions that may be of interest to you,
to send you updates regarding services you have shown interest in or
provide further information related to the topic you requested, or to
get your consent to further contacting you regarding any other services
you might be interested in. The legal basis for this processing is our
legitimate interest, namely the development and conducting of our
business.

b\. We may use your personal information to send you promotional emails
and/or newsletters when you have consented to receive such
communications. The legal basis for this processing is your consent to
receive promotional communications from us.

c\. We may use aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for
statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes to help
improve our offerings to you or to improve your browsing experience.

**4. Cookies**

a\. As with many other websites in the world, the App uses cookies. A
cookie is a small file on your device with a string of letters and
numbers which serves as a unique identifier. Sometimes cookies can also
be used to store your personal preferences on websites. When you open
the App for the first time, cookies are created on your device. When you
open it next time, cookies are sent back to us, thus letting us know
you've already been there. We don't create cookies ourselves, but we use
third-party providers who do it for us.

b\. Cookies make it easier for you to use the App during future visits.
They also allow us to monitor traffic and personalise the content of the
App for you. *Session-based cookies* only last while your browser is
open, and are automatically deleted when you close the browser.
*Persistent cookies* last until you or your browser deletes them or
until they expire.

c\. Some of our cookies are necessary for certain uses of the App. These
cookies allow us to make the App usable by enabling basic functions like
page navigation. The App may not function properly without these
cookies.

d\. We may also use functional cookies and cookies from third parties
for analysis and marketing purposes. *Functional cookies* enable certain
parts of the App to work properly and your user preferences to remain
known. *Analytics cookies*, among other things, collect information on
how visitors use the App, the content and products that users view most
frequently, and the effectiveness of our third-party advertising.

e\. We generally use cookies for the following purposes:

i\. authentication -- we use cookies to identify you when you visit the
App and as you navigate through the App;

ii\. status -- we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged
into the App;

iii\. security -- we use cookies as an element of the security measures
used to protect user Accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of
login credentials, and to protect the App and our services generally;

iv\. analysis -- we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and
performance of the App and services; and

v\. cookie consent -- we use cookies to store your preferences in
relation to the use of cookies more generally.

f\. We use analytics packages from trusted third parties to constantly
improve your experience of using the App and related services. Our
trusted partners help us serve advertising and/or analytics and may
place cookies on your device.

You can find their privacy policies in the list below. Please read their
privacy policies to ensure that you are comfortable with the manner in
which they use cookies.

g\. We use the third-party services to monitor and analyse web traffic
and user behaviour

Policy:https://policies.google.com/privacy

iii\. Facebook. Facebook is a web analysis service provided by Meta Inc.
The service is subject to Amplitude's Privacy

Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy

While we do our best to keep this list updated, please note that third
parties who place cookies on your device may change from time to time,
and there may be a slight delay updating the list.

h\. You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies
through a functionality built into your web browser or mobile device. To
learn more about how to control cookie settings through your browser:

**Firefox**
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences

**Chrome** https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en

**Internet Explorer**
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies

**Safari (Desktop)** https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US

**Safari (Mobile)** https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265

**Android Browser**
http://support.google.com/ics/nexus/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=2425067

For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser
manufacturer provides.

You can opt out of interest-based targeting provided by participating ad
servers through the Digital Advertising Alliance.

Please consult http://www.aboutads.info/ for more information.

**5. Storage Files**

a\. We may use local storage files to keep you signed in at the App if
you choose so. You can delete local storage files from your device at
any time by visiting your device's settings.

b\. Local storage, including Javascript-enabled local Storage, is a
typical way for a website to store a small file of letters and numbers
in your browser. We use local storage files to keep you signed in at the
App and to keep your account authorisation settings. Local storage files
are deleted when the website that stored them deletes them. You can also
delete local storage files from your browser at any time you like by
visiting your web browser settings.

c\. You can clear local storage files from your browser by taking the
following actions:

i\. In Firefox, localStorage is cleared when the following conditions
are met: (a) user clears recent history, (b) cookies are

selected to be cleared, and (c) time range is "Everything";

ii\. In Chrome, local Storage is cleared when the following conditions
are met: (a) clear browsing data, (b) \"cookies and other site data\" is
selected, and (c) timeframe is "from beginning of time." In Chrome, it
is also now possible to delete local Storage for one specific site;

iii\. In Internet Explorer, to clear local Storage: (a) click on
Tools\--Internet Options, (b) General tab, (c) delete browsing history
on exit, (d) ensure "Cookies and website data" (or "temporary internet
files and website files") is selected, and (e) consider unchecking
\"Preserve Favorites website data\" at the top;

iv\. In Safari, to clear local Storage: (a) click Safari, (b) then click
preferences, (c) select the Privacy tab, (d) click Remove all website
data and (e) click Remove Now.

**6. General Processing**

a\. Our processing means any operation or set of operations which is
performed on personal information, such as collection, recording,
organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval,
consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or
otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction,
erasure or destruction, support, maintenance, etc. We do not make
automated decisions, including profiling. The processing of personal
information is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools,
following organisational procedures and modes strictly related to the
purposes indicated.

b\. Your personal information is processed at our operating offices and
in any other place where the parties involved with the processing are
located.

c\. We will store your personal data for as long as necessary in order
to provide you with the App or otherwise fulfil the purposes as
described above, unless further storage is required in order to
establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable
law, including accounting rules.

d\. Your personal data are deleted or anonymized as soon as it no longer
serves one of the above mentioned purposes and in any event no later
than three (3) years after your interaction with us has ceased.

e\. We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal
information from accidental loss and unauthorized access, use,
alteration, and disclosure.

f\. Your personal information is stored on cloud services providers

**7. Disclosing Your Personal Information**

a\. We may disclose your personal information to our affiliates, our
contractors and our service providers insofar as reasonably necessary
for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this Policy. For
example, we may share your personal information with our service
providers who perform identity verification of users, however, in some
cases you may directly interact with such service providers and they
will act as data controllers in relation to the personal information you
provide to them directly.

b\. Your personal information may be accessible to certain types of our
employees or contractors, involved with the operation of the App
(customer support, marketing, moderation, compliance, legal, system
administration) or external parties (such as third party technical
service providers, identity verification service providers, hosting
providers, software development service providers, communication
agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors by us.

c\. We also have relationships with partners or vendors that provide
features and services directly to you when you use the App. For example,
when processing a payment to you, or when require you to verify your
identity directly with our identity verification partners. In these
cases, such a partner is not acting as a service provider to us and is
transacting with you directly. The data passed to them is the
information necessary to facilitate the type of service they provide
directly to you.

d\. In addition to the specific disclosures of personal information, we
may disclose your personal information where such disclosure is
necessary (i) for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are
subject or in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal
mechanisms, or (ii) in order to protect your vital interests or the
vital interests of another natural person. We may disclose your personal
information to our professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary
for the purposes of managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or
the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court
proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure or
detecting, preventing and addressing fraud and other illegal activity.

e\. If we transfer your personal information outside the EEA zone, UK or
Switzerland, we will ensure an adequate level of protection by any of
the recognised methods of transfer, including but not limited to entry
into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal
information to processors established in third countries.

f\. The recipients\' use of the disclosed information will not be
covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the
processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their
privacy policy

**8. Social sharing features**

a\. The App offers or can offer social sharing features and other
integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), which let you
share actions you take in the App with other media. You must be over the
minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the
individual jurisdictions to use any social sharing features integrated
in the App. The use of such features enables the sharing of information
with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish
with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.

**9. Children**

a\. Use of the App is limited to users aged 13 years and above, except
in the European Economic Area, where the App is limited to users aged 16
years and above. If you are accepting this Privacy Policy and using the
App, you warrant you are 13 (or 16, depends what is applicable) or more
years old.

b\. If you have additional questions about our privacy practices related
to children under the applicable minimum age,

please contact us at legal@nil.foundation

**10. Security**

a\. We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you
from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration
and destruction.

b\. We do not, and will not, provide your personal data in direct
exchange for money. Therefore, in the literal sense, We do not sell your
data. However, we have disclosed some categories of personal data we
collect, explained under

"Sharing of information", to third parties for business purposes as
explained under "Use of information -- purpose and legal basis"..

c\. To the extent this practice is interpreted to constitute a "sale"
under the CCPA or GDPR, please contact us at \[support\]@nil.founadtion
to exercise your right to withdraw your consent on sharing your personal
data with third parties.

d\. The App may contain links to any other websites or services. Please
note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such websites or services, and you should review the privacy
policy of each such website or service to make sure you are comfortable
with it before providing any personal information.

**11. Push notifications**

a\. We send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to
provide App-related information, service updates, promotional
communications and other related messages, if you have agreed to such
notifications. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your
notification settings on your device.

**12. Your Rights**

As a data subject (a person whose personal information is collected,
stored and processed) you have several rights under data privacy laws:

a\. **Right of access.** You have the right to obtain confirmation if
your personal information is being processed by us. If that is the case,
you can access your personal information and the following information:
(i) the purposes of the processing; (ii) the categories of personal
information; (iii) to whom the personal information has been or will be
disclosed; (iv) the envisaged period for which the personal information
will be stored, or the criteria used to determine that period.

If you would like to have a copy of your personal information from us,
we will provide it if (i) you prove your identity, (ii) it will not
adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The first copy will
be provided for free, for any further copies we may charge a reasonable
fee based on administrative costs.

b\. **Right to rectification**. You have the right to demand that we
correct without undue delay your personal information which we have in
our systems if it is inaccurate or incomplete.

с. **Right to erasure ("right to be forgotten").** You have the right to
demand that we erase your personal information, and we shall erase it
without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies: (i) this
personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes
for which it was processed; (ii) you withdraw consent on which the
processing is based, and where there is no other legal ground for the
processing; (iii) you object to the processing and there are no
overriding legitimate grounds; (iv) your personal information has been
unlawfully processed; (v) your personal information has to be erased for
compliance with a legal obligation.

d\. **Right to restrict processing.** You have the right to restrict us
in the ability of processing your information where one of the following
applies: (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information and
we are verifying it; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you want to
restrict it instead of erasure; (iii) we no longer need your personal
information, but you need it for establishment, exercise or defense of
legal claims; (iv) you have objected to processing and we are verifying
whether legitimate grounds override your request.

e\. **Right to data portability.** You have the right to receive your
personal information which you provided to us in a structured, commonly
used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those
data to another company, where: (i) the processing is based on your
consent or on a contract; and (ii) the processing is carried out by
automated means.

Where technically feasible, you can demand that we transmit those data
directly to another company.

f\. **Right to object.**. You have the right to object to the processing
of your personal information based on our legitimate interests. We shall
no longer process your personal information unless we demonstrate
compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.

Where personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes,
you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your
personal information for such marketing.

g\. **Right to withdraw consent.**. You have the right to withdraw your
consent for processing of your personal information at any time. The
withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing
based on consent before its withdrawal.

**11. Changes to this Privacy Policy**

a\. We may modify this Privacy Policy by providing notice of such
changes, such as by sending you an email, providing notice through the
App or updating the "Last Updated" date at the bottom of this Privacy
Policy. By continuing to access or use of the App, you confirm your
agreement to the modified Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any
modification to this Privacy Policy, you must stop using the App and
related services, and delete our applications from your devices. We
encourage you to frequently review the Privacy Policy to ensure you
understand the terms and conditions that apply to your access to, and
use of, the App and related services.

**12. Contact details**

a\. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any
queries with regard to this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact
us at legal@nil.foundation
